[Applause]
are you did me - yeah we up looking
straight guy at our really we lookin da
guy I'm come on your face just to cover
the hop
hey much might be that was your fucking
effort was it your mum gave birth she
shot yo so she could leave our pussy
free for fucking the doctors
well you're in a fuckin heart pain
forgetting your phone oh yeah - is it
kind
we from any idea just look it up a
million fucking cat started talking
you have a blank fish now if you have no
expression for long enough in a high
school you get fucking switched off
man five stuff held the babe in Belfast
apparently you have some religious
parties over they are we really and you
know if it's not a peasant is to be
honest don't you theory
welcome him on the prune what a poor
girl that's made you in the room man
in 400 years on a - immigration still a
fuckin as people
[Applause]
however job monkeys immediately fight
our way let's fuckin second hand okay
Donna girlfriend did you fuckin well for
yourself man
it's just wish that you'd hurry up in
Madras so they could grieve properly
entails of a time to see Shrek
so soon they've seen train the matter
this is supposed to be sorbet when are
they
I'm not dead in a fucking car crash
[Applause]
and well you guys here in your fucking
West courts and your suits and I mean
don't answer cunts cuz I can fucking see
that you don't fucking joking about
Claire's gonna fucking morning court we
are say pardon me an essay from a moving
car for wearing gloves did you know that
I'm nearly four you know this will
happen Tina frosting what's that
hey thanks for showing out like a crazy
bitch that's blowing ice I love usually
so badly I've gained a cold you still
think you've been in a fucking car crash
[Applause]
you love me I think in your purse II see
more action than fucking hell mind
[Applause]
I mean
fucking Union Jack dressed in the front
of skq control
don't you have the new had a few - what
just problems here over the years
not mature lady don't make me say
nothing so I think you'd look good in
[Applause]
I want like a name for
you need to stay in our mind you look
like the pad I keep you safe my phone
I've ever fucking them Experian now you
know I mean you look like you only
remember you don't name because your
mum's got it tattooed on a war bike
[Applause]
have not seen you look like this to me
you just won't let you to have our
payable - to vajazzle you fucking food
in your plan your dad because I fucking
saw you from the wings so don't get the
wrong number though for not know saying
like I'm drowning in your pets it's an
actual place for your phone isn't it
especially when you're mad cause I'll
get you boy oh no no
thorry anyway would you do you're an
interior designer I noticed some
inconsistencies in the way that you've
designed the exterior of your face it's
not so much eyebrows it's more like
someone's decided to underline your head
so why not tell them off and draw them
back on with no matter and I want
popcorn
what what your design in the NT deal's
off
officer people's houses who else's
houses all houses up people's houses
fucking dog hos whether our dog knows
you guys later darkness arabia fucking
one step ahead Z's that's what the money
as the dogs I've got fuck-all to select
all go up the fuck am I talking about
new probably my myself rather strange
fucking engineer you've developed down a
Humpty you bumped yourself that sounded
awfully they leopard it there my seal
how did you burn yourself
you got bunt now your fucking change
Jeff story funk in one coat though his
fucking nor fees lawyers and suddenly
you got pod no work yourself
it fucking fold in the wetness box like
a red-hot Mars bar
mohanty and a lot for a company that
makes a lot of hot shit and you want for
that company that makes a lot of hot
shit I can see they're starting to come
together like the start of an empress
with a casual isn't it
how'd you put your elbow in something
hot I just got pressed against then I
was fun I just brushed against it and I
was fucked understatement to score HP
poison us that's why you don't really
get us a noise can I lean nein nein race
you sure is that America has you know I
mean just fuck the Cardona 3 you I ended
up fucked the karush Fox series Fox
thank God there was no whore chatter
ain't run my fucking you oh boy entail
big monstrous guy with the tattoos l9
you'd have unis for the DECA guys as we
know safe for you we connect four in a
pocket harm
top story man what you do better person
above that so that you may be forgetting
in Glasgow security community somewhere
I don't imagine you mean a bet of
watercolor painting and above but
watching I'm old enough to be your died
doesn't look like its top 10 nobody will
talk to y'all are you doing my emotional
story sure hopes for the future
stand-up comedian why the fucking give a
try I know you've all been raised on the
fucking X fact than you think eyes how
it works
fuck off doesn't know whether he's had
the fucking abusive childhood necessary
to do this job
what was your real fuck employment make
it fucking conventioners Tama know why
I'm getting the ground like a fucking
tent cake yeah fucking blind son do
another session you're gonna be end up
in the world's first ever male
prostitute that has to offer a mule do
fall on a soft drink for one fall in a
points hey do me mine okay just do
anybody from alcohol
[Applause]
come one fucking range I'll still some
popped him and it share me everybody
[Applause]
you've had in your face you know when
you go to the toilet you go for a chat
knows no toilet paper and you look in
your pockets for something to use and oh
you find this at a seat and just before
you use it you look at it and see that
it's a receipt for toilet paper fucking
deal in my fear would you do a black
hole mine
don't you fucking eyes on me fucking
nobody would fucking pee to see you and
hear me the only way I clearly see you
if it was in a fucking downloadable
snuff video
but you do them in you want to fuck join
delish
fantastic a surprisingly temp
occupation' you've got it out take it
this is where you met Hammond
Hey
so look if when I leave spectrums about
Eugene oh you look like you can arrange
up these screaming out your pen number
as you're slowly folded and our sports
hold on some old people hello people
don't worry I'm not your enemy when city
should enemy
go rebuy knows someone trying to contact
the Starship Enterprise
up for the books I tell you how you
could on call that we performance power
why don't you fucking jump
fucking junkie I'm something your lately
fucking annoyed in oh yeah okay fine
just do it and you fucking know how
important is what yeah they look like a
junkie
no story would you do nothing yet
fucking sentence loaded with promise I
was like a fucking stage magician you
have seen nothing yet
what's your plans man what you're
working on at the moment when you're
gonna fucking reveal you don't know I
mean you're trying to join the army
I see nothing yeah I reckon soon
I could see you've been born to fucking
pieces from her
that's our future you know I mean are
you doing that here you look skin uh
normal for this cause you're a man
what's your story man
nothing do you think that can't break
you just do stop put down lanes I have a
private detective who reaps people shelf
so you can forget about ya fattah what's
wrong man Coolidge
who steals your step
fantastic so here's your key walk up
in the new bridge do what can a factory
what they're making now disposable blood
units what do you do a bag full of blood
is you fucking life be any bleach oh I
wouldn't sentence a sex offender 11 in
corporate backing up blood you guys some
what do you do well he's open
does he just sees bagging out blood
these actually are fucking six killer
from the Blood Factory no other fact
that he said I need to but annoy these
clothes again policy
whether you do minor you've just
finished college what did you do at
college hospitality where's this fucking
pointless endeavor ah when anyone comes
to hotel here doesn't expect hospitality
attract
whatever you might play wish a story by
then yes hidden when you study
engineering what's what you hoped about
you don't know fucking our passion man
Oh at least the impression a fucking
flat and Corbridge man it's fucking
bogus fucking mutt the factories lease
the whole thing where we saying that
just says what sorry